Update dNR article for enabling static rules. (#7137)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/reference/declarativeNetRequest/index.md

To test rule files, [load your extension unpacked](/docs/extensions/mv3/getstarted/development-basics/#load-unpacked). Errors and warnings about invalid static rules are only displayed for unpacked extensions. Invalid static rules in packed extensions are ignored.

### Enable and disable static rules and rulesets {: #update-rules-rulesets }

> Both individual static rules and complete static rulesets may be enabled or disabled at runtime. {: #update-enabled-rulesets }

Author: This was the existing anchor. Yes, this works.

Reviewer: TIL!

> The set of enabled static rulesets is persisted across browser sessions. Static rules are not persisted across exension updates, meaning that only rules you chose to leave in your rule files are available after an update.

Author: ```suggestion
The set of enabled static rules and rulesets is persisted across browser sessions. Neither are persisted across extension updates, meaning that only rules you chose to leave in your rule files are available after an update.
```

Author: @oliverdunk FYI

Reviewer: Looks good 👍
